but how was the accident how it happened
so they could get me to comment
the school bus that moved to
the lower divisions of the club
central barracks was heading to play with
his pair of flandria and that between the
eight thirty and nine in the morning
I calculate because at ten o'clock
they faced the school bus that
I was going by route 7 towards his ning
apparently the collective is passed and in
is on this route where there is usually
many activities in the last month
does a maneuver turns on a and when it
realize that we are going back there
speaking the school collective the
school group that moved the
guys from the lower divisions will go
spinning when turning in u turn back
to resume this route to go to the route
192 that directs it to flandria and there
come a good they are fired at the
guys with mothers and well there happened
everything that happened the first impact by
what one must understand to understand
it's quickly from this sling car
exactly exactly
if unfortunately it is terrible here in
this place the last month as I said
previously there were three accidents and in
actually they do absolutely nothing
as for gas to be able to fix it
one observes on the shoulder has already arrived
the vehicle the morgue to remove the
bodies of the place was observed the
distance two bodies there are more victims
fatal for what I understand from
confirmed three dead that
unfortunately they are from the school micro
who got fired with him
impact of the land truck that is
in the other side
that is to say that then the collective
school is impacted and impacted by the
private car but
mainly mainly the
impact with the truck that moved
Earth produces that the boys are
fired the guys of course not
there are seat belts one was
observing these types of groups not
It brings us safety belts
guys were fired and they go to the
front part in some special sector
I would not have specified them I do not want
tell them just I'm
moving what a person that
apparently he was here has told me
that's why I wanted to transfer them so that
inform people well